Updated processing time to align to messaging across the site. (#439)
cisagov/getgov-home: pages/domains/domains_before.md

To request a .gov domain, you must be a government employee—or be working on behalf of the government—in a technological, administrative, or executive capacity. Requests from officials in a senior role (e.g., a CIO, a city manager) may be processed faster.
 

> If you have important deadlines to meet, plan ahead and start the request process as soon as possible. It may take around 10 business days for your request to be evaluated. The guidance below is meant to help you understand the process and navigate it efficiently. 

Reviewer: Can I propose something a little different?

```suggestion
If you have important deadlines to meet, plan ahead and start the request process as soon as possible. Most requests take about 10 business days to be evaluated, and often a little longer for federal agencies. The guidance below is meant to help you understand the process and navigate it efficiently. 
```

Reviewer: Feel free to revise further.

Author: I like this update.
